# COD4 Promod New Experience ☠️
Call of Duty 4 Promod is a mode for Call of Duty 4 that is exclusive to the PC version of the game.  It is hosted by different communities on their own servers, so it is not an official mode like Old school or Hardcore. This is new experience of  promod version, Introduce new features to increase player experience.

## Story of COD4 promod
Promod is based off the Counterstrike games, and the settings are as similar as possible to Counterstrike.
Being hosted by different communities, The mod can be "Innovated" or modify into different game modes including Search and Destroy, Team Deathmatch, Free for all, etc... Being hosted by different communities, The administrators of that community can also access the configuration and control the settings for the game, including Timescale, Gravity (Usually 75%), Weapons that can be used, Camo's, etc...
Promod also have different settings. Including increased sound, Gravity of 75% therefore increasing the player's jump distance and height. Increased time to scope in on a sniper, and also he inability to run after a jump, scoping out on a sniper automatically after fired, Not able to "Double switch on bolt action snipers to skip the process of pulling the bolt back and into its original position, etc...
Promod limits the weapons, equipment, perks, etc..but can be changed depending on the community hosting the mod. Some changes includes No attachments for weapons except for silencer, limited weapons, Perks only of Stopping Power, Bandoiler, and Deep Impact.
Promod also does not have any soundtrack or music playing, does not have victory and defeat music, and in Search and Destroy mode, the player planting/defusing the bomb does not see the bomb in front of them. However, there is a narrator for bomb planting and defusing but in a different voice.
